Fear is the real Power--> 
		Have you ever feel the fear. if yes, then you are normal like everyone. have you ever feel fear when you talk to your crush or going alone in the woods. maybe you feel it when you first try something new. Everyone feel the same way for the first time when they try. But i am not telling you about that fear. In this i am telling you about your death. I mean fear of death. Have you ever think that you are a animal just like everyone else on this planet and one day you should die. first befor i talk about the fear of death you must feel it that you will die one day and then nothing. nothing will happen, no GOD, no paradise, nothing. It is just Emptyness. maybe there is GOD and paradise. I don't know about it. Death is the best gift we ever have in our life. Did you ever come close to death. If yes, good. If not, then that's ok. When you first meet your death. You lose everything. Death always win. You can't beat this. at the front of death, everything is useless. you don't care about who wins chapions league, who get the job, who sleep with my girlfriend, who cheated on me. everything just freeze for sometime. You choose only what matters the most. it means that you just don't give fuck to this world. That is how you find peach in this world.
		Death is the main part of our life. At some point we will face death for sure. So don't be afraid of death. Yes, it is hard but be comfortable with it. Once you comfortable with it then it will teach you a lesson you never forget. Learn it. So, it apply to every situation you fear the most. face it, comfortable with it and see the result.
		We do some work in every day. some are important and some are non important. some work we do and while we are working this work we will forget the fear of death. Basically we ignore it ( fear of death ). This type of work i called it Self love hell. I tell you which work distract you from the feeling of death--->
		1. If you love a girl by seeing her look.
		2. Your ego.
		3. Your sex pleasure.
		4. Your pleasure.
		5. Happiness.
		6. Success.

		Thise are the things which distract you from the feeling of death. in life we have two things. one is our physical body and other is  our Thoughts. We are different from other animal. because we can think of ourselve and we imagine ourselve in different situtaion. We imagine the future, we feel the past and improved it by thinking it. Once we understand we will die one day. so, how can we alive ourselve for so long. that is why we spend time with our kid. that is why we influenced people. that is why we raise kid. I think that is why in this world there is pyramid, taj mahal, god's temple, buildings, cars etc. Also when a perosn really understand that one day he will die, then he choose a value which helps him to alive in people's heart. That is why we knew about Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Vikings, Jesus, Krishna, Buddha etc. Maybe i am wrong. eh, I don't know what i am doing.
		My message to those kids, Who are know in the age of 20s. Fear the death of yours. Think, one day you will be dead. Don't waste it in someone's else life. Enjoy it every Moment and explore it and Uncertain about Everything.

		Death is the best gift we get from the GOD --- Pulakesh 