Purpose of Life is Problem --> 
		People alaways heard that in your life you must find happiness. The purpose of life is happiness. Everyone need happiness. But the thing is that we never Understand what is a life. In your life problems are permanent and happiness is temporarly. Happiness is not just a destination where you should go to that. No, It is not. For me it is just an activity. Happiness stays for some few seconds. I said Happiness is an activity means Problem Solving. In your life there are many problems. But if you find some solution to solve them and you succedd. That is called happiness. You must be a problem solvable guy. Problems Never Go away, they just improved. If you solve a problem. That solution you came up with, that solution create a new problem. You find that problem solution then again new problem arise. Yeah That is life.
		Solve your problem, Let suppose your problem is that how i get rich and buy a house for myself. You worked hard and now you have a house. Now your problem is if something broke i have to fix that. ooh shit, wall paint is gone i need to re painted the house again. See, problem is always there but you have always have a choise what you do in that situation.
		Now with problems, comes the second part. Which is Responsibility. You must take your own responsibility. No one comes to help you. you should do your own task. This is you and always you. No one comes and you should not go to help others. Please Note that Responsibilities are different in different situation. some situation you can control, then take responsibility of your work/Life. Responsibility of your life means if you succedd then only you did that with your hard work. If you fail then only you are the reason to fail. you can't excuse to other people or blame other people. you only blam yourself for that. Next responsibility is that something you can't control. Sometime some things are happening and you didn't involved in that. for example - your loves one died, something happen to your daughter. This are the things you can't blame yourself. Your responsibility in that situation is your emotion. how you control your emotion.  
		My advise to you is that never run away from your problem. The more You have problem more depressed you get. Then, you can control your mind and your mind muscele. Improved it. The more you pressure your mind the more it developed. So, Take responsibility of your work then the problem arise and you go to the depression region. Where you are completely stressed, angry at that time. People say anger is not the best thing for a man. but anger is the key to go forward. You never shout at someone. You just hold that anger and show emotion. That emotion you can transform to your responsibility. Anger tells you that you have something important which not complete or you do not find a solution for that. 

		
		Problem is the reason you live right now, If there is no problem then there is no life -- Author