UNCERTAIN ABOUT EVERYTHING-->
		First you have to understand what is uncertain. It means that you dont exactly know what will happen. You dont know the result. That how a loser think. He does not know he will successed or fail in that work. He always in doubt. He always think that if this thing i am doing it will work or not. Then you no matter what you just do the things. Every work you do you dont care about the result. You always in doubt. at some point you may be realise that what the hell  i am doing. Its not even working why i am doing this. I will tell you at this point is that "That is Life, that is how life is working". In your life whatever you do, You never really know what are you doing. Maybe you did everything but still you dont know what are you doing. If you want to explore everything in your life, then you never really know what you are doing, You may think that what the hell he is talking, how i do not know what i am doing. That is where uncertain comes to play. When you certain about everything you already know something and you close the door for other oppurtinity.
		This is uncertain about your work. If you uncertain about your work then you open a book of opportunity. For you at every point you alway think is this work i am gonna do it or not. No matter how hard is it. you always go for it. If you fail then do something else if you success never proud Keep going
( please read Keep going book by austin kleon ). If you ever fail at something never do feedback loop from hell ( please read a subtle art of not giving F&$^ ). you maybe thinking why i am telling you this book. I learn that in your life you must steal everything from everyone. To become a unique person, you must steal different behaviour from different people then you become a unique person and again please read steal like an artist by austin kleon. Haa, just kiding please read the power of being a loser by me. 
		Now i will tell you how you improved your personal behaviour. Think a man having certain about "he is a good man". He thinks everything he is doing he always do good for him and for others. If his friends tell him that please can you go with us and have some drink. He denied the situation. Because he think drinking beer or whisky is bad for his character. So, he never explore the taste of beer. A man who thinks he is a good leader and Calm person. He never explore the situation when he must shout at someone when the coworkers doing stupid things. That is the problem about certainity. when a loser think he is not good enough for that situation. he never explore the situation. If a person think he is not good looking. maybe you are ugly. just kidding, maybe you are not ugly. how you certain at your look. when a man thinks i can not have a girlfriend. oh come on just shut up and try. you already certain about some thing so you never try that thing. always have a doubt, maybe i can have a girlfriend. maybe i am good looking. maybe i can do this work. maybe i can not. I don't know lets have a try and find out what i can and can't. never certain about everything. if you can't do it at first time. then you should have a doubt that maybe second time i can. 
		That is how i always say never know yourself. please never know who you are. everyone say that you must find yourself. you must find your passion. you must find what you like and what you don't. Please never find yourself. please always have doubt in everything. that is how you actually explore everything.
			
				THE BEST WAY TO FIND YOURSELF NEVER FIND YOURSELF by Pulakesh Malakar.